[IMP] accounting/l10n_br: EDI Invoice coverage (#12892)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/customer_invoices/electronic_invoicing/brazil.rst

Odoo electronic invoicing in Brazil
===================================

Odoo Invoicing is your trusted partner for efficient and legally compliant e-invoicing
solutions, tailored to meet Brazil's regulatory standards. While we cover many key legal
cases, we recommend verifying specific cases with an Odoo advisor to ensure full
compliance with the requirements set by the `Secretaria da Fazenda (SEFAZ)
<https://www.gov.br/receitafederal/pt-br>`_.

Legal framework for e-invoicing in Brazil
=========================================

In Brazil, e-invoicing is highly regulated and mandatory for most businesses to ensure tax
compliance and transparency. The key regulations governing e-invoicing, which we currently support
through integration with Avalara, include:

- :abbr:`NF-e (Nota Fiscal Eletrônica)`: A mandatory e-invoice for goods and services used in B2B
  transactions.
- :abbr:`NFS-e (Nota Fiscal de Serviços Eletrônica)`: Issued for service-based transactions, with
  implementation varying by municipality.
- :abbr:`NFC-e (Nota Fiscal de Consumidor Eletrônica)`: Used for end consumer transactions.

> - Integration with :abbr:`SEFAZ (Secretaria da Fazenda)`: We connect with Avalara to issue the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integration with :abbr:`SEFAZ (Secretaria da Fazenda)`: Odoo connects with Avalara to issue the
```

offering features designed to ensure compliance:

- **Supported formats**: Odoo supports Brazil's authorized e-invoice formats, including :abbr:`NF-e
  (Nota Fiscal Eletrônica)` for goods and services, :abbr:`NFS-e
  (Nota Fiscal de Serviços Eletrônica)` customizable for municipal requirements, and :abbr:`NFC-e

>   (Nota Fiscal de Consumidor Eletrônica)` for end consumer transactions. We connect with Avalara to
>   issue these invoices and ensure they are compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Nota Fiscal de Consumidor Eletrônica)` for end consumer transactions. Odoo connects with Avalara
  to issue these invoices and ensure they are compliant.
```
